##Cardboard Box
Cardboard Box is a Windows Phone 7 client for the image board Danbooru.Donmai.us.
Please not that the image board may contain explicit content. Even though we provide options to filter content, we are in no way able to control the image board content, and therefore we are not responsible for anything you see there.


##Notes

###libWyvernzora.WindowsPhone.dll
**libWyvernzora** (all classes in the `libWyvernzora` namespace) is my personal multipurpose utility library. `libWyvernzora.WindowsPhone.dll` is the Windows Phone version of the **libWyvernzora** stack, which lacks a few non-critical features not supported by Windows Phone.

The most important is that `libWyvernzora.WindowsPhone.dll` contains a full Windows Phone version of **Extended IO** stack, which allows for rapid development of applications utilizing complex binary streams.

###libWyvernzora.WindowsPhone.BarlogX.dll
**BarlogX Game Engine** is a game engine that I wrote during my CS180 course in Java, and then ported to XNA and Silverlight. `libWyvernzora.WindowsPhone.BarlogX.dll` is Windows Phone specific version of BarlogX component. `BarloxAnimation` class is capable of loading `*.bxa` and `*.ibxa` files.

### **.bxa* and **.ibxa* files 
`*.bxa` files are compiled BarlogX Animation files generated by **BarloX Animator**. BXA files have their own flow control but do not support frame cross-referencing and event interrupts. Meanwhile, IBXA files have embedded event system.

**BarlogX** project is a proprietary solution, therefore source codes of `libWyvernzora.WindowsPhone.BarlogX.dll` will remain unreleased.